Update the compilation instruction for linux (#10449)
godotengine/godot-docs: contributing/development/compiling/compiling_for_linuxbsd.rst

For compiling under Linux or other Unix variants, the following is
required:

> - GCC 13+ or Clang 6+.

Reviewer: I don't think we should change the minimum supported version due to a bug we caused. We should just fix that bug.

Author: Sounds good to me

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. tabs::

>     .. tab:: All distros x84_64

Reviewer: This is worth documenting, but this is a bit too power user with only a script and no explanations about what this is for and why it's a good option.

It's also not a distro one-liner.

I'd make a separate section for it, and explain the purpose of this Linux SDK and why we recommend it for production builds.

Author: Made a new section at the very end of the documentation

    across Linux distributions anymore. Do not use this approach for creating
    binaries you intend to distribute to others, unless you're creating a
    package for a Linux distribution.

Using Godot official toolchain for production build
---------------------------------------------------

> Contains the Godot buildroot to generate toolchains for building the Godot engine in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This creates the Godot buildroot to generate toolchains for building the Godot engine in
```

a portable way for Linux. Using these toolchains is the best way to distribute Linux

> builds of your custom-compiled Godot game.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be custom-compiled Godot engine, not game?
